---
title: 20th Thursday July
---
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
— Kahlil Gibran
Had a good time with Alexis yesterday. I really need to call Isabel on the phone-- I really have no clue what to do with that situation. We should probably call it quits, I don't even wanna call it breaking up, how many more little girlfriends am I gonna have.
I started reading [[Towards a Third Cinema]], and taking some notes on it.
I'm gonna go out and read today on the patio, and I think I can finish this book in a day.
What I am starting to like about Obsidian is that visual record keeping of your knowledge validates that you know it, and I get a system-like view into my mind that I can ponder about. I'm gonna keep journaling in here about it in hope that is sparks up some large note about [[Lifestyle]].
I talked to Sam today, it was very nice. I didn't really end up doing much today though, but resting and eating. I played some SC2. God, I am so, so lonely. I know that the more time I spend taking care of myself and getting into proper health the better I'll be for school-- I just need to stay focused on myself.
I really enjoyed what I read in 'Towards a Third Cinema'-- in order to rationalize my film as a decolonial act I will have to meditate on the way that its made and how it renders class. I am afraid that my film will find itself as a digestable good despite striving to inspire revolutionary mentalities. 
```tasks
(due on 2023-07-20) OR ((heading regex does not match /Daily/) AND (not done))
sort by due
limit 10
```