---
title: 23rd Sunday July
---
And I can build shit with AI. Right now, the writer and actor's guilds are on strike. 
I can sense that a lot of these stooge ass writers, pumping out scripts and pitches with little to no creative weight are terrified of what a dedicated AI technician can do to outperform them.
I guess I really can't talk shit- I just watched *The Whale* and it made me cry. What a powerful film. The ending really did strike a cord with me, as well as how the story develops over the course of a week up to the point of this man's death. The aspect ratio decision was very good. Overall, a *very* strong film. It made me want to be a more honest writer, someone who was just plainly saying exactly what I meant without any fogginess in the words. No performance. 
As a result of that film, I do, however, want get a hold of a copy on proper English style and Grammar in 2023.
This week I want to formalize and start building out my website "battle plan" -- I met with Sun the other day, it was very nice. They have such a lovely house those two. It's interesting how the gay and queers lead such happier lives if left to their own devices.
In order to have a solid base for future projects, I'm gonna build a simple website template that contains all the simple functionality that all my web projects will have. I will design the template so that further functionality can be added onto the website easily. 
On all of my websites there will be some amount of text and images that will be displayed across several connected pages. My [[Next.js]] template will come with components ready to use right out the box (an image carousel/grid, forms, hero, etc).
I got my Obsidian set-up across different devices for free using Git. I don't think this is the most convenient way of doing things, but I like the fact that I can continue to use my Obsidian workflow while on my Ubuntu ThinkPad.
I just love how typing feels on it. It's so small, delicate, and I just really enjoy running my hands across it. I also have been coding on this laptop for years-- like since high school. I think there is a part of my brain dedicated to this exact keyboard layout.  
- [x] create a project template on github for Next.js websites #web  ✅ 2023-12-10
- [x] buy a book on style and grammar #ra ✅ 2024-02-23
- [x] register civic for on-campus parking #kenyon 📅 2023-07-26 ✅ 2023-07-27
- [x] call Kenyon people about August billing statement #finance #kenyon 📅 2023-07-24 ✅ 2023-07-24
```tasks
(due on 2023-07-23) OR ((heading regex does not match /Daily/) AND (not done))
sort by due
limit 10
```