---
title: 2024-09-01
---

Today is a big day. I really need to finish up taking notes on the remaining parts of the self-study. I think maybe today I should just go on a really long bike ride and organize my room. All this other stuff can wait till tomorrow.

18:01 I made a beast of organizing my room. I have never felt so level headed about the space that I live in. This is my home. My place of birth. My whole history has lead up to this configuration of space. I love myself and the world around me. I need to make a better effort to be kind to my father, we are just so different. I think we're gonna try to make a nice lasagna for mom when she comes back. 

In other news, I have organized almost all of my film equipment. With the remaining gear behind me as I write, I am excited to work on new projects and find containers and other stuff to put the XL2 and its stuff in. I have a bag which contains both of the smaller video cameras. I left out the film camera. My closet looks better too. I have really cleared up all the wires and mess. Closet is still kind meh, but I have my "cold storage" box open and now I can freely move around stuff because I took out the plastic wardrobe thing from my closet. Pretty cheap. I don't think anybody should use stuff like that.

Ended up going for that ride. A great Sunday. Something I imagine from my own storybook. It was pleasant to ride into the City around sunset and there was no issues getting down Taylor  onto Roosevelt and then the lake front trail. Over the bridge on Roosevelt is a really hard ride and I think I really pushed myself there. I went south and I was going almost 15 mph on average, which is pretty fucking fast for me. There were some people, but mostly the lingers of a packed Sunday at the beach. Parking is free on Sunday in Chicago, I suppose. It was really a beautiful day and I cannot thank God for this life enough. I really need to be kinder to my Dad. 

Tomorrow is gonna be super busy. I have from 8 AM o'clock to 12 AM, a break, then from 1 PM to 5 PM for a total of 8 hours to complete 17 different parts of the [[CompTIA ITF]] study modules. I am a completionism and Dad paid for these, I will pass this exam *easily*. After I complete these modules, if I am struggling with anything I will go back to my notes. I will refresh myself before the test day this Friday (2024-09-06). 

- [ ] investigate film camera #ra #film
- [x] follow up with the [[BDPA]] Chicago Chapter ✅ 2024-09-23
- [x] find containers for XL2 and H4n #film ✅ 2024-09-06
# Tasks
```tasks
(((due on 2024-09-01) OR (due before next 2 week)) OR ((not done) AND ((no due date))))
sort by urgency
sort by due
not done
limit 20
```