---
title: September 15th 2024
---
11:25 Woke up a few hours ago around 9:20 or something. I woke up and talked to Karina for a while. I got right into the NYU modules, which is a good thing. I am becoming more disciplined at waking up and getting right to my mourning routine. I have to hit the books pretty hard for the next few weeks if I want to be as accomplished as I need to be before I move out to NYC. It is really important I get all the [[CompTIA Certificates]] by the end of the year. YOU CAN DO THIS. You need to lock in and make a concerted daily effort towards it, like anything. Starting small and building up is usually a good idea. I know that [[CompTIA A]] is broken up into two exams and I think a lot of the stuff in both will be covered by [[NYU Tandon Bridge]]. 

11:28 In reality, I only need to finish watching the module today. But I will likely find a bunch of other shit to do, because apparently I get a lot of shit done on Sundays. That kind of tracks for a college kid though, considering I procrastinate most of my deadlines to the end of the week. I want to adjust the task completion curve in my [[Stats]] page. I feel closer to God everyday, when I work and preserver my energy. I am wearing Karina's sweater and listening to Radiohead. Things couldn't really be much better. I need like 90 minutes to finish the module. I want to go for a bike ride today, for sure, before my family is here and I have to spend a bunch of time with them. I imagine there is so deep cleaning needed to be done in the garage before everyone gets here. 

# Tasks
```tasks
(((due on 2024-09-15) OR (due before next 2 week)) OR ((not done) AND ((no due date))))
sort by urgency
sort by due
not done
limit 20
```