---
title: 13th Sat July
---
Good morning world. I feel pretty bored today, even though I know there is so much for me to do! I will start today by doing some warmups with my typing. I want to get really good at typing at the home row. Last night, my typing speed and accuracy was so low. It might have been because I was drink and high. Even now I struggle. 
The GRE will require me to write down my thoughts without hesitation. ETS requires a very specific writing style and I need to learn how to do that. However, I know that being able to write down my thoughts quickly and accurately will make my writing even better because I will be able to do it fast. Home row. Home row. Home row. It will make me a better programmer too. I will seem like I know what I am doing if I never have to look at the keyboard. 
This is the silliest kind of training I have ever endured lol. Lfg [[Note taking]]. 
I found a good tool for building up my typing skills without forcing myself to learn home row. I have a good typing speed, I just need to work on accuracy and being able to hear and look at something and type while I do it. Almost like using a second brain. 
15:31: Having a consistent practice to writing is how you become fluid in that act. If you are writing all the time in your mind, you will have a fluid stream of thought you can readily rely on. Writing is a great way of settling the mind, almost equal to meditation which is the exact opposite of writing. Being patient. Unexcitable. I need to start timing my thoughts throughout the day.
20:32: Took a nasty nap. Probably be up for the next few hours porting [[raulduke.com]] to the app router even though Bernard says theres a lot of FUD around it. He's an inspiring individual. His ability to speak in the "coder" tone to lay people is a quality I will try to emulate. I think I could even have greater success at it. Bernard spends a lot of time writing. I have to try to do that too.
21:10: Power down. Gonna code on my laptop a little bit.
- [x] BUY BIKE FROM WORKING BIKES ($325) #shopping #ra #cycling 🔺 📅 2024-07-19 ✅ 2024-07-20
- [x] create a personal boot up and power down sequence #ra ⏫ ✅ 2024-07-13
# Tasks
```tasks
(((due on 2024-07-13) OR (due before next 1 month)) OR ((not done) AND ((no due date))))
sort by urgency
sort by due
not done
limit 20
```