---
title: 2024-07-15
---
09:48: Good morning. I woke up feeling depressed today. The house is empty, because Mom is at the trailer and Dad is in Florida. Today I am gonna study for the GRE. I wish I could take a bike ride, so I will go to the shop as soon as possible. The bike shop that I've been going to has not been amazing. Every time I've tried to buy a bike its gone wrong. The last time I went I had to return the bike for store credit. I will be going back soon. Despite the shitty service, the shop is a beautiful place at a great location. A bit south on Western. It's on 24th Place. It's at the corner of the intersection of 24th Place and Western, which is a kind of perfect spot for a bike shop. There are some bike racks in front of the brick shop. After the doorway, there is a short stairway up to the shop floor. You're greeted by a counter with a register. All the bikes are laid out in rows openly. Everyone there is brown. Many look gay. I am in divinely placed in that setting. I've felt like I wasn't the most welcome (sometimes I really do look like a white loser--- a coward). But last time, they are seeming to get to know me for more. Maybe I've just been spending enough time out in the sun. 
I will take up mostly studying today. It is very important that I have material to [[GRE Preparation|look over with Karl]]. I anticipate that I will need help with some of the Geometry and stuff. I hope my test taking ability is there. I need to get a sense of being able to do stuff in 30 minutes intervals without looking away from that thing. I know I am capable of that level of focus I just need time to get there. Just finishing a section of a practice test today will make me fill good. I just need to review my physical review notebook, so that doesn't look retarded in front of Karl.
I think the daily typing exercises have improved my overall typing ability. 
13:55: I studied and shopped it was nice. I am starting to return to my notebooks whenever I need a moment to think. Being dedicated to journaling is like wiping your ass. You might not want to regurgitate exactly what's going in in your head but you do because you have to. It also allows you to keep the ball rolling in your head. I will need to do more GRE stuff later today to prepare for tutoring with Karl. Soon I will also start working on my Tandon bridge application, I hope that I am not overqualified for the program. I need to make sure to indicate that I still need to fill missing gaps of knowledge in CS, but I am dedicated to having a strong base by the time I complete Tandon bridge.
Being a prolific writer is an essential component to succeeding the next few years. If you cannot convey your needs, objectives, goals, and flaws sooner you will struggle to grow past. It becomes harder to learn and adapt new knowledge as you get older. [[Productivity]] is something I am becoming interested in. I want to see how many tasks I have completed in this notebook since I created it. 
15:34: Gonna play some Tennis with Carmen. I need to study harder. I have a section to go over with Karl tomorrow. I will likely take a time section of the QR before he gets here tomorrow at three. I am excited to tutor with him, because I know it will reactivate some test taking skills. I need to perform much better on this test that I did on the SAT. I am looking for a score above the 96th percentile for every section.
In my [[Journaling]], I am aiming to write about 500 words everyday. Being able to write 500 words in fifteen minutes is an essential detail of the GRE. It will be important for me to learn how to plan out my responses and then quickly execute. I will likely learn template sentences that I can go into the test with and use quickly. 
Also for [[GRE Preparation]] I am definitely needing review. Using a tool like Khan Academy to help me relearn some stuff will probably be helpful for me. I will not pay Karl to sit around teaching me basic math when it is readily available in books and online. I can create my own Obsidian notes about math concepts I am struggling to remember. 
# Tasks
```tasks
(((due on 2024-07-15) OR (due before next 1 month)) OR ((not done) AND ((no due date))))
sort by urgency
sort by due
not done
limit 20
```