---
title: 20th Wed
---
- [x] follow up with Dan Steinman over email ✅ 2024-04-24
- [x] schedule lunch with Quan #film 📅 2024-03-27 ✅ 2024-03-27
- [x] interview with Dan Steinman 📅 2024-03-20 ✅ 2024-03-20
- [x] email Hao regarding [[FILM 230 Writing the Short Film]] 📅 2024-03-20 ✅ 2024-03-20
1. Is this position part time or full time?
2. What are some qualities or skills that successful interns have exemplified in the past?
3. Ask about mentorship and teaching opportunities? (I am submissive and trainable)
4. Is there a project you are working on lately that you can discuss? 
5. What makes 30West different and exciting for you?
STAR method
* Situation: The context and issue 
* Task: Challenges and Constraints as you saw them
* Action: What did you do to respond to this problem (Teamwork, leadership, anything that's kinda relevant to the role)
* Results: How did your actions meliorate the problem? Outcome.
So, what?
Strengths
- Technical skills: editing software
- Developed my writing skills across displines. A large amount of my coursework here at Kenyon in the History and English department has revolved around writing and interrogating the details from films and I am tuned into what to look out for in scripts. 
Weakness
- Stubborn about pushing out the best work possible and I can get tunnel vision without consulting my teammates enough. I have tried to improve this by learning to appreciate the importance of teamwork and putting on emphasis on collaboration. Knowing when to delegate tasks for maximum efficiency and learning to turn to other interns for their thoughts. 
Under pressure
- Communicate with the team. Take a step back. I will begin to weigh urgency and importance of each script and tasks at hand. And do my best.
30West
- I am interested in movies about personal and emotional journeys ("The Crow," "I, Tonya," "The Mauritanian") and social/cultural issues ("Triangle of Sadness," "The Silent Twins")
- learning about best practices for conducting industry research, reporting on scripts, and communicating with film professionals
# Tasks
```tasks
(((due on 2024-03-20) OR (due before next 1 month)) OR ((not done) AND ((no due date))))
sort by urgency
sort by due
not done
limit 20
```