---
title: 2024-08-05
---
11:08: Good morning world, just finished my morning routine. I want to time it tomorrow so I can get it down to the most concise possible. Every moment, I will try to get a little faster. I know that is pretty dorky, but I think it will make me more productive for myself. I need to be on time, always. With my skinny little ass. 

Today I wanna build a solid version of [[raulduke.com]]. I found a couple of websites that I am definitely inspired by that make use of simple text-based designs and an animated splash page. I am worried that my web projects are suffering from increased loading times because of the images. I am going into look into image optimization options for *all* my websites. 
In other news, I really need to get a job because I have essential shopping that needs to be done. Look below to see that monster of bullshit, lol. My father and me are not speaking right now, what is new. I'm going to be fine--- I am am looking forward to starting Tandon Bridge soon.

After the BDPA conference, I feel an enhanced sense of purpose and a clearer visualization of my life goals. It's good that I can code and build websites, but I need to get back to doing what I love which is creating art. I think I can thrive making 3D digital art, I just need to put in the time to create the stuff and feature it on my page. I am putting a new emphasis on the content over style. 
I intend on studying CS now and trying to move into Video Engineering during my Master's program. It's important I build up skills and projects now to show on my portfolio later.  

23:49: Need to consider if the certificate is gonna be able to get got by the end of the trial period. I hope I can lock in the next few days and get it done. I really want to do!

- [ ] spray paint bike #ra #cycling
- [ ] iPhone #shopping 
- [ ] pelican case (x2) #shopping 
# Tasks
```tasks
(((due on 2024-08-05) OR (due before next 1 month)) OR ((not done) AND ((no due date))))
sort by urgency
sort by due
not done
limit 20
```