---
title: 2024-08-07
---
2024-08-07

14:17 Getting a late start and a little thrown off routine. My mom speaks about having a routine, but doesn't seem to respect my own. I have it written down so clearly. I need to communicate it's importance to me. I should do yoga in the morning, and I am down to start I just need to get into the saddle. I will spend more time in the coming weeks condensing my [[Daily Sequence]] down into something that is tightly executable and efficient. There shouldn't be any reason I don't have the start and end of my day routinely ordered. 
In other news, I want to get on my mycology grind. It would be a good stable secondary source of income during my twenties if I could consistently produce yields of mushrooms for consumption and for medical purposes. I am literally sitting on the means, and it could easily be the financing for several short films...
A daily routine. Something that every great thinker or actor or doer or whatever has committed themselves too in order to achieve a more perfect form of themselves. It has to be the primary concern to be in sync. On schedule. I have to refine my [[Daily Sequence]].
After editing [[Indie Sleaze]] and releasing out on the new [[raulduke.com]], I will start working on new projects :) Like organizing all the film equipment, NYU Tandon bridge, growing mushrooms, and VFX! I want to get back to compositing weird motion graphics into real world environments. Re-producing my favorite film VFX can serve to create a great real. I will lean into the PS2/early graphics aesthetic when I can. I want to get back to making art. It's the backbone of everything I do and I want to become a video engineer, so working on video and that kind of stuff now will benefit be down the line.
14:58 Getting back into the habit of writing daily has made me more comfortable with my thoughts. I am able to express myself so fluidly on the keyboard. I am not forcing myself to think at any pace other than the one that is most optimal for me. I define the most optimal pace of work where you are putting in your best effort without strain. I have achieved this balance in the act of typing. I am effortlessly accurate at nearly 100% while still relaxed enough to think and catch myself.
Getting to it.
# Tasks
```tasks
(((due on 2024-08-07) OR (due before next 1 month)) OR ((not done) AND ((no due date))))
sort by urgency
sort by due
not done
limit 20
```