---
title: 2024-08-08
---
[[Daily Sequence]]
Instead of doing the Google coursera cert, I am getting the [[CompTIA ITF]].
Lately, I have been reflecting deeply on the gift of life. We all die. It's a shame, but it is true. No matter how much you fill your cup, there will be a day when it is spilled. I am striving at this young age to grow and age as slowly as possible. I want to be a slow growing and old age plant. I believe my wisest years are ahead of me.
I spend too much time enumerating my time. I will make films.  I will make money. I will travel and make great memories. Get married. Have children. Buy a home, maybe a few. I want to be a grandfather and an artist. I want to be healthy and happy and die with dignity. So many people have been robbed of this in life unfairly. I do not want the violence for anyone. I want to stay alive and I want to keep the people around me alive as long they possibly can.
One day we all go. It must feel like a rest after a long race. The more races you run, I am figuring the big one is easier to give out on. I mean to say that when you've spent your whole life getting exhausted. Dying is not the bad. It's just about choosing what you do in your life to labor away at. 
Writing makes me a better thinker and communicator. It's hard for me to justify existence, but I do not want to die. I fear death still. Sleepless nights happen. I want to conquer this in life before I get old. We go through death many times in life. **Death is ever present in life, even before we know it is there.** 
# Tasks
```tasks
(((due on 2024-08-08) OR (due before next 1 month)) OR ((not done) AND ((no due date))))
sort by urgency
sort by due
not done
limit 20
```