---
title: 30th Thu
---
Once upon a time there was a man walking in the desert. His name is Horus. He had eyes as big as the sun. And the sun loved his eyes. He walked in the desert for hours looking for something to drink. He smacked his lips and was truly deeply parched. He saw images of a beautiful woman in the sand dunes and clouds. He dreamed of a single drop of rain falling into his mouth from the fingertips of a Goddess.
Eventually,  Horus was passed by a tall man riding a horse in the most decorated and colorful suit with feet covered in blood. He was holding a rifle and a spear. A monkey was attached to him. Horus asks him for a drink of water.
For many miles he walks until he finds a barn half sunken in the sand. 
---
As a Mexican-American, it has been hard for me to resolve all the contradictions you are made aware of as you get older and more informed on the history. I mean I genuinely fucking hate the conditions of American politics, society, etc, and I don't think much of the rest the world is any fucking different. America is Mexican. Mexico is American because it is imperial. I am proud that as a body inherently representative of the rape of the new world I am not constrained to my geographic boundary in Mexico. We made it out to the most exploitable land in the world, rather than sit in the dirt. I have no pride in Mexico. I have no pride in the United States of America. I've only ever felt proud of the conditions that allow me to subvert what the racial political system dictates is my right place in life. 
# Tasks
```tasks
(((due on 2024-05-30) OR (due before next 1 month)) OR ((not done) AND ((no due date))))
sort by urgency
sort by due
not done
limit 20
```