---
title: Problem Solving with C++
---
2024-08-26 09:39

tags: #cs #book

# 1. Introduction to Computers

## 1.1 Computer Systems

### Hardware

Software runs on the hardware of a computer

There are three main classes of computers: **PCs, workstations, and mainframes**. The distinctions are not precise, but provide some general information about the computers capacity and configuration.

A **network** consists of a number of computers connected to share resources.

A computer can be thought of as having five main components:

1. input device(s)
2. output device(s)
3. the processor (also the called the CPU)
4. main memory (RAM)
5. secondary memory

Input => (CPU <-> (Main Memory <-> Secondary Memory)) => Output

The keyboard and monitor are sometimes thought of as a single unit called a **terminal**.

**Main memory** consists of a long list of numbered locations called **memory locations**; the number of memory locations varies by computer. the computer’s main memory as a long list of **memory locations** of varying sizes. The number that identifies a byte is called its address.

The **processor** also known as the **central processing unit**, or **CPU** is the "brain" of the computer. The processor is a very simple brain. All it can do is follow a set of simple instructions provided by the programmer.

### Software

You communicate with computer hardware using an **operating system**. The **operating system** allocates the computer's resources to the different tasks that the computer must accomplish. Most common operating systems are UNIX, DOS, Linux, Windows, Mac OS, IOS and Android.

A **program** is a set of instructions for a computer to follow.

(Program + Data) => Computer => Output

### Compilers

A program that translates **high-level languages** like C++ to a machine language is called a compiler. The input to a compiler is called **source code/program** and the translated version produced by the compiler **object code/program**.

A **linker** combines object code generated by a program with precompiled object for certain standard operations and libraries.

## 1.2 Programming and Problem-Solving

### Algorithms

A sequence of precise instructions which leads to a solution is called an **algorithm**.

Start

↓

Loop: Problem definition -> Algorithm design -> Desktop testing

↓

Loop: Translating to C++ -> Testings

↓

Working program

### Object-Oriented Programming

Modern programs are usually designed using a method known as object-oriented programming, or **OOP**

In OOP, a program is viewed as a collection of interacting objects. It's main characteristics are **encapsulation**, **inheritance**, and **polymorphism**

### The Software Life Cycle

1. Analysis and specification of the task (problem definition)
2. Design of the software (object and algorithm design)
3. Implementation (coding)
4. Testing
5. Maintenance and evolution of the system
6. Obsolescence

## 1.3 Introduction to C++

The C programming language was developed Dennis Ritchie at AT&T Bell Laboratories in the 1970s. It was first used for writing and maintaining the UNIX operating system.

Most of C is a subset of C++, and so most C programs are also C++ programs. (The reverse is not true; many C++ programs are definitely not C programs.)

C++11 (formerly known as C++0x) is the most recent version of the standard of the C++ programming language. It was approved on August 12, 2011 by the International Organization for standardization. A C++11 compiler is able to compile and run programs written for older versions of C++. However, the C++11 version includes new language features that are not compatible with older C++ compilers. This means that if you have an older C++ compiler then you may not be able to compile and run C++11 programs.

### Bootstrapping

Basically you start with a very minimal process/set of functions that can be used to compile the code that defines a slightly more functional compiler. This creates your next compiler which then can then be used to build code that can do even more. You repeat this process until you have a full blown compiler that can compile all the language features.

The other alternative is to write the first version of the compiler in a different language and then write the next version in your target language.

## 1.4 Testing and Debugging

**Syntax Errors**: violation of the syntax (or, grammar rules) of the programming language

**Run-time Errors**: not detected by the compiler; most computer systems will detect certain run-time errors and output an appropriate error message.

**Logic Errors**: when the program compiles, but your program fails to meet the specifications you designed -> mitigated by unit testing

# 2. C++ Basics

## 2.1 Variables and Assignments

The compiler assigns a memory location (of the kind discussed in Chapter 1) to each variable name in the program. The value of the variable, in a coded form consisting of 0s and 1s, is kept in the memory location assigned to that variable.

To make your program easy to understand, you should always use meaningful names for variables.

There is a special class of identifiers, called keywords or reserved words, that have a predefined meaning in C++ and that you cannot use as names for variables or anything else.

### Variable Declarations

Every variable in a C++ program must be declared. When you declare a variable you are telling the compiler—and, ultimately, the computer—what kind of data you will be storing in the variable.

```c++
int number_of_bars;
double one_weight, total_weight;
```

## 2.2 Input and Output

An **input stream** is simply the stream of input that is being fed into the computer for the program to use. The word stream suggests that the program processes the input in the same way no matter where the input comes from. Similarly, an **output stream** is the stream of output generated by the program.

The arrow notation << is often called the **insertion operator.**

## 2.3 Data Types and Expressions

| Type Name            | Memory Used | Size Range                      | Precision |
| -------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------- | --------- |
| $short$              | 2 bytes     | -32,768 to 32,767               |           |
| $int$                | 4 bytes     | -2,147,483,648 to 2,147,483,647 |           |
| $long$               | 4 bytes     | -2,147,483,648 to 2,147,483,647 |           |
| $float$              | 4 bytes     | $10^{-38}$ to $10^{38}$         | 7 digits  |
| $double$             | 8 bytes     | $10^{-308}$ to $10^{308}$       | 15 digits |
| $long \space double$ | 10 bytes    | $10^{-4932}$ to $10^{4932}$     | 19 digits |

### The Type $char$

The character data type which can hold any single character on the keyboard.

```c++
char letter = 'a';
```

### The Type $bool$

Either $true$ or $false$

### The $string$ Class

To use the string class we must first include the string library:

```c++
#include <string>
using namespace std;

string day;

day = "Monday";
```

### Type Compatibilities

The general rule is that you cannot place a value of one type in a variable of another type—though it may seem that there are more exceptions to the rule than there are cases that follow the rule. Even if the compiler does not enforce this rule very strictly, it is a good rule to follow.

## 2.4 Simple Flow Of Control

The order in which statements are executed is often referred to as f**low of control**.

The if-else statement chooses between two alternative actions. For example, the wage calculation we have been discussing can be accomplished with the following C++ statement:

```C++
if (hours > 40)
	gross_pay = rate * 40 + 1.5 * rate * (hours - 40);
else
	gross_pay = rate * hours;
```

| Math Symbole | English                  | C++ Notation | C++ Sample      | Math Equivalent |
| ------------ | ------------------------ | ------------ | --------------- | --------------- |
| =            | equal to                 | ==           | x + 7 == 2 \* y | x + 7 = 2y      |
| !=           | not equal to             | !=           | ans != 'n'      | ans != 'n'      |
| <            | less than                | <            | count < m +3    | count < m + 3   |
| <=           | less than or equal to    | <=           | time <= limit   | time <= limit   |
| >            | greater than             | >            | time > limit    | time > limit    |
| >=           | greater than or equal to | >=           | age >= 21       | age >= 21       |

A list of statements enclosed in a pair of braces is called a compound statement.

The ++ operator is called the **increment operator**.

The –– operator is called the **decrement operator**.

A do-while statement is similar to a while statement except that the loop body is always executed at least once.

```C++
do
{
    cout << "Hello" << endl;
		<< "Do you want another greeting?" << endl
		<< "Press y for yes, n for no," << endl
        << "and then press return: ";

    cin >> ans;
} while (ans == 'y' || ans == 'Y');
```

## 2.5 Program Style

A program should be laid out so that elements that are naturally considered a group are made to look like a group.

### Comments

Whenever something is important and not obvious, it merits a comment.

```C++
// A single line comment
/**
 * Multi-line comment
 */
```

All files should open up with a header comment

```C++
/**
 * @author Richard Alvarez
 * @email rawalvarez731@gmail.com
 * @assignment 2
 * @description ...
 * @created October 2, 2024
 **/
```

# 3. More Flow of Control

## 3.1 Using Boolean Expressions

A Boolean expression is an expression that can be thought of as being $true$ or $false$

1. The unary operators +, −, ++, ––, and !
2. The binary arithmetic operations \*, /, \%
3. The binary arithmetic operations +, −
4. The Boolean operations <, >, <=, >=
5. The Boolean operations = =, ! =
6. The Boolean operations &&  
7. The Boolean operations ||

The compiler will treat any nonzero number as if it were the value true and will treat 0 as if it were the value false.

You can almost always avoid using the ! operator, and some programmers advocate avoiding it as much as possible. They say that just as not in english can make things not undifficult to read, so too can the “not” operator ! make C++ programs difficult to read. There is no need to be obsessive in avoiding the ! operator, but before using it, you should see if you can express the same thing more clearly without using the ! operator.

## 3.2 Multiway Branches

Any statement at all can be used as a subpart of an if-else statement, of an if statement, of a while statement, or of a do-while statement.

```c++
if (guess > number)
	cout << "Too high.";
else if (guess < number)
	cout << "Too low.";
else if (guess == number)
	cout << "Correct!";
```

When a switch statement is executed, one of a number of different branches is executed. The choice of which branch to execute is determined by a controlling expression given in parentheses after the keyword switch.

```c++
char grade;

switch (grade)
{
	case 'A':
	case 'a':
		...
		break;
	case 'B':
		...
		break;
	default:
		...
}
```

Note that you can have two case labels for the same section of code.

### Blocks

A block is some C++ code enclosed in braces. The variables declared in a block are local to the block and so the variable names can be used outside of the block for something else (such as being reused as the name for a different variable).

## 3.3 More about C++ Loop Statements

A loop is any program construction that repeats a statement or sequence of statements a number of times. The statement (or group of statements) to be repeated in a loop is called the **body** of the loop, and each repetition of the loop body is called an **iteration** of the loop.

When a while statement is executed, the Boolean expression is checked before the loop body is executed. If the Boolean expression evaluates to false, then the body is not executed at all. With a do-while statement, the body of the loop is executed first and the Boolean expression is checked after the loop body is executed.

```C++
while (true)
{
	cin >> input;
	if (input == 'q')
		break;
}
...
do {
	cin >> input
} while (input != 'q')
```

### Pre-increment vs Post-increment

The expression v++ evaluates to the value of the variable v, and then the value of the variable v is incremented by 1. If you reverse the order and place executing the body zero times increment operator in expressions the ++ in front of the variable, the order of these two actions is reversed. The expression ++v first increments the value of the variable v and then returns this increased value of v. The same applies for $--$.

```C++
int x = 6;
cout << x++ << endl; // returns 6, then increments to 7
cout << --x; // decrements to 6, then returns 6
// final output:
// 6
// 6
```

## 3.4 Designing Loops

A **for** statement can be used to produce a loop that repeats the loop body a predetermined number of times. This method is called **list headed by size**.

A **sentinel value** is one that is somehow distinct from all the possible values on the list being read in and so can be used to signal the end of the list.

Loops can be nested inside each other for further iterating on each iteration.

### General loop ending techniques

- Count-controlled loops
- Ask before iterating
- Exit on a flag condition

# 4. Procedural Abstraction and Functions That Return a Value

## 4.1 Top-Down Design

A good plan of attack for designing the algorithm is to break down the task to be accomplished into a few subtasks, decompose each of these subtasks into smaller subtasks, an so forth. Eventually, the subtasks become so small that they are trivial to implement in C++. This method is called **top-down design**/stepwise refinement/divide and conquer.

Design a program by breaking the program's task into subtasks and solving these subtasks by sub algorithms. Preserving this top-down structure in your C++ program makes the program, easier to understand, easier to change if need be, and, as will become apparent, easier to write, test, and debug. C++, like most programming languages, has facilities to include separate subpart inside of a program. In C++ these sub-parts are called functions.

Allowing to divide a program into sub tasks, makes it easier to understand, debug, and maintain. When producing a very large program, such as a compiler or office-management system, this sort of teamwork is needed if the program is to be produced in a reasonable amount of time. 

## 4.2 Predefined Functions

C++ comes with libraries of predefined functions that you can use in your programs. 

### Using Predefined Functions

A function call is an expression consisting of the function named followed by arguments enclosed in parentheses. If there is more than one argument, the arguments are separated by commas. A function call is an expression that can be used like any other expression of the type specified for the value returned by the function.

```C++
function_name(int argument1, string argument2, char argument3, ...)
```

Most predefined functions have to be imported into C++ programs by using `#include` directives. Reference which functions are in library headers when building programs. 

### Type Casting

Recall that $\frac{9}{2}$ is integer division and e valuates to $4$, not $4.5$. In order to effectively type cast from an different types:

```C++
int integer = 9;
double x = static_cast<double>(integer);
double y = static_cast<double>(integer) / 10;
```

This notation `static_cast<double>` is a kind of predefined function that converts a value of some other type, such as 9, to a value of type double, in this case 9.0. An expression such as `static_cast<double>(9)` is called a **type cast**. 

## 4.3 Programmer-Defined Functions

### Function Definitions

You can define your own functions, either in the same file as the main part of your program or in a separate file so that the functions can be used by several different programs. 

Function are declared (also known as **function declaration** or the **function prototype**) describes how the function is called. This can be done at the top of a file and the functions can be defined later, so the main function remains at the top of the program. The declaration tells the compiler everything that it needs to know.

```C++
double total_cost (int number_par, double price_par);
```

The first keyword in a function declaration is the return type of the function, similar to a variable. Followed by a variable function name that follow that same naming rules as variables (camel-case or snake-case preferred). Next are the function parameters, which are placeholders for the arguments when the function is called. 

A **function definition** describes how the function computes the value it returns. The **function header** is written the same way as the function declaration, except that the header does not have a semicolon at the end. 

```C++
double total_cost (int number_par, double price_par) 
{
	return (number_par + price_par) * TAX_RATE;
} // total_cost = O(3) = O(c)
```

### Functions That Return a Boolean Value

A function may return a `bool` value. Such a function can be used in a Boolean expression to control an `if-else` statement or to control a loop statement.  A call to a function that return a Boolean value of true or false can be used anywhere where a Boolean expression is allowed. 

### Function Definition – Syntax Summary

Function declarations are normally placed before the main part of your program and function definitions are normally placed, after the main part of your program (or in  separate files). 

## 4.4 Procedural Abstraction

### The Black-Box Analogy

A programmer who uses a function in a program needs to know what the function does, but should not need to know how the function accomplishes its task. This is often referred to as treating the function like **a black box**. 

Writing and using functions as if they were black boxes is also **procedural abstraction**. 

## 4.5 Scope and Local Variables

In order to define a function so that it can be used as a black box, you often need to give the function variables of its own that do not interfere with the rest of your program. The variables that “belong to” a function are called **local variables**.

### Global Constants and Global Variables

Constants can be scoped to blocks. If you want a constant to be accessible anywhere inside of a file, you can place it outside the body of all functions and outside the body of the main part of your program. 

### Call-by-Value Formal Parameters Are Local Variables

formal parameters are more than just blanks that are filled in with the argument values for the function. formal parameters are actually variables that are local to the function definition, so they can be used just like a local variable that is declared in the function definition.

### Block Scope

The scope of a local variable refers to the part of a program that can directly access that variable and is sometimes referred to as **local scope**.

### Namespaces Revisited

We will eventually be using more namespaces that just `std`. In fact, we may be using different namespaces in different function definitions. 

Namespace declarations are scoped.

## 4.6 Overloading Function Names

Essentially, you can write re-define functions of the same name with different number of parameters that cover other uses cases. 

### Automatic Type Conversion

Suppose that the following function definition occurs in your program and that you have not overloaded the function name mpg (so this is the only definition of a function called mpg).

```c++
double mpg(double miles, double gallons) //Returns miles per gallon.  
{
	return (miles/gallons); 
}
```

C++ converts the 45 to 45.0 and the 2 to 2.0, then performs the division 45.0/2.0 to obtain the value returned, which is 22.5.

# 5. Function for All Subtasks
## 5.1 `void` Functions

## 5.2 Call-by-Reference Parameters

## 5.3 Using Procedural Abstraction

## 5.4 Testing and Debugging Functions

## 5.5 General Debugging Techniques

# References
- [Google C++ Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html#cpplint)
- [[NYU Tandon Bridge]]
