---
title: 12th Saturday August
---
The days are dragging along- I look forward to seeing Isabel soon. I need to get excited about working on something again, like this site for Sun. I need more material. Or some inspiration. 
I'm gonna try to go for a bike ride today and hoop. I need to get my cycling game up to top notch during this next year. Also, I intend on becoming a coherent and powerful writer in the this next year. I plan on achieving this by practicing good style and grammar in this daily journal. 
Today, I worked on getting my Vim dot files across my GitHub account which I think is good, but I also started a project folder for Sun's website. ChatGPT to get the ball rolling? I think yes, I think yes very fucking hard.
I will get back into the flow of reading and writing about the LLM technology soon. Even though Chun and Elkins are gone for the next semester, I will seek out Devon and maybe some other people who might be interested in this AI-script generated nonsense/bullshit.
Also, I wanna make sure I got bread while I am at Kenyon. In order to be certain that I can achieve a sufficient amount of income flow, I will try to get a job at the library doing something in IT. I need to start developing a resume that's gonna get me that kush tech job in the next 3-4 years.
- [x] apply for job on Handshake for IT job / help desk #ra #kenyon #finance ⏫ ✅ 2023-08-23
- [x] text Cami about IT job / help desk #ra #kenyon #finance ⏫ ✅ 2023-08-15
- [x] factory reset Thinkpad and install new operating system (consider using Arch Linux) #ra 🔺 ✅ 2023-08-14
- [x] follow up with Joaquin about word of mouth chat #film 📅 2023-09-07 ✅ 2023-08-29
```tasks
(due on 2023-08-12) OR ((heading regex does not match /Daily/) AND (not done))
not done
sort by due
limit 10
```